one click away from losing her Instagram
account journalist faton alwan says her
Tik Tok page has already been blocked
several times I just went on Tik Tok and
said this is my new account boom 3
seconds that's all all the time that it
took 3 seconds only to shut you down to
shut me down faton says this is not a
first for a year now she's been banned
from going live on Instagram for
violating the platform's guidelines me
telling the news I don't know exactly
how can this violate their Community
standards unless the news that is
happening here and the crime that Israel
is uh committing inside of the
Palestinian lands and against
Palestinian is a violation of community
standard itself and they are ashamed to
show it but she keeps trying okay let's
try the hashtag of Israel and boom all
the notification went up and all the
views went up and people are sharing the
stories and we're back on the news speed
again H organization has been monitoring
censorship of the Palestinian content
for years in the past week hamla
detected more than
35,000 posts in Hebrew promoting fake
news incitement and hate speech meta
does not censor content in the Hebrew
language that is associated with
escalation like it does with Arabic
content because the Hebrew content
sometimes is sponsored by the state or
the military while the Arabic content is
non-state actors which meta could deem
as um illegal content Jalel says
companies have different policies but
many are subjected to political pressure
MAA says this is not true they say their
policies are designed to give everyone a
voice 28,000 Dina auni is a lifestyle
and travel influencer who's using her
base to share news about Palestine she
says it's getting more complicated my
friends from abroad started telling me
that my stories no longer show on their
feeds uh they can no longer even click
on my icon outside of my profile it
would just exit
randomly I'm trying to access this
website but it's banned many here say
that social media was one of the few
venues left for Palestinians to share
their stories with the world now even
that is becoming more difficult to do
nid ibraim Al jaaz the occupied West
Bank